coding-conventions.chapter.md: update to account for #89885 (#191378)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/contributing/coding-conventions.chapter.md

4. Extracting hash from local source tarball can be done with `sha256sum`. Use `nix-prefetch-url file:///path/to/tarball` if you want base32 hash.

> 5. Fake hash: set the hash to `""`, `lib.fakeHash`, `lib.fakeSha256`, or `lib.fakeSha512` in the package expression, perform build and extract correct hash from error Nix prints.  You must use one of these four fake hashes and not some randomly-chosen hash; see below for the reason.

Reviewer: Please do not refer to "below" or "above" in web documents. The document may change structure, and the verbal reference will be left dangling if change authors don't adapt it manually. People make mistakes, let's avoid opportunities for mistakes.

Lists of code tokens are easier to read as actual lists.

I think it was good to have a warning there, it just should be part of the list item.

```suggestion
5. Fake hash: set the hash to one of

   - `""`
   - `lib.fakeHash`
   - `lib.fakeSha256`
   - `lib.fakeSha512`
   
   in the package expression, attempt build and extract correct hash from error messages.

   :::{.warning}
   You must use one of these four fake hashes and not some arbitrarily-chosen hash.
   
   See [](#sec-source-hashes-security).
   :::
```

- `https://` URLs are secure in methods 1, 2, 3;

> - `https://` URLs are secure in method 5 *if* you use `""`, `lib.fakeHash`, `lib.fakeSha256`, or `lib.fakeSha512`.  If you use any other hash, `fetchurl` will pass `--insecure` to `curl` in order to be robust in the face of TLS certificate expiration and to allow fetching over protocols like HTTP which do not incur the overhead of TLS.

Reviewer: Let's emphasize this exception. Also refer to single source of truth, otherwise we will have to maintain that list twice.

Does the shorter wording still reflect what you wanted to say?

```suggestion
- `https://` URLs are secure in method 5 *only if* you use one of the listed fake hashes. If you use any other hash, `fetchurl` will pass `--insecure` to `curl` and may then degrade to HTTP in case of TLS certificate expiration.
```

Author: > Does the shorter wording still reflect what you wanted to say?

Yes, except for the assumption that this only affects HTTP (I referenced HTTP as an example).  I'll apply this and push another commit.
